should know about me I specialize in a
very specific
type of security subconscious security
you're talking about dreams
mr. Cobb has a job offer he would like
to discuss with you girl work placement
not exactly we create the world of the
dream
we bring the subject into that dream and
they selected their secrets
then you break it and still it well it's
not strictly speaking legal
it's called inception
I think I found a way
last job
feel real while sewing when we wake up
that we realize something was actually
strange
they're not preparedness
drapes collapsing
I have it under control
I'd hate to see out of control we
mustn't be afraid to dream a little
bigger darling